README.md, before:

# Jsonnet Support for Visual Studio Code

A simple bare-bones extension providing simple syntax highlighting
for [Jsonnet][jsonnet] files (specifically, files with the `.jsonnet`
and `.libsonnet` suffixes), as well as a Markdown-style preview pane
that auto-updates every time you save.

![Jsonnet preview][jsonnet-demo]

## Usage

Syntax highlighting works out of the box. Just open any `.jsonnet` or
`.libsonnet` file, and it will magically work.

To enable the Jsonnet preview pane, it is necessary to install the
Jsonnet command line tool (_e.g._, through `brew install jsonnet`). If
you don't add the `jsonnet` executable to the `PATH` then you will
need to customize `jsonnet.executablePath` in your `settings.json`, so
that the extension knows where to find it.

After this, you can use the keybinding for `jsonnet.previewToSide` (by
default this is `shift+ctrl+i`, or `shift+cmd+i` on macOS), and the
preview pane will open as in the picture above.

## Customization

This extension exposes the following settings, which can be cusomized
in `settings.json`:

* `jsonnet.executablePath`: Tells the extension where to find the
  `jsonnet` executable, if it's not on the `PATH`. (NOTE: This setting
  is always necessary on Windows.)

This extension exposes the following commands, which can be bound to
keys:

* `jsonnet.previewToSide`: Compiles the Jsonnet file to JSON, places
  result in a "preview" window in the pane to the right of the active
  pane, or in the current pane if active window is pane 3 (since
  vscode only allows 3 panes). Default: bound to `shift+ctrl+i` (or
  `shift+cmd+i` on macOS).
* `jsonnet.previewToSide`: Compiles the Jsonnet file to JSON, places
  result in a "preview" window in the current active pane. Default: no
  keybinding.
* `jsonnet.extStrs`: An object of variable, value pairs. Allows you to
  customize the external variables passed to the `jsonnet` command
  line. It can be particularly useful to set this in a workspace
  configuration, so that you can set different variables on a
  per-project basis.

[jsonnet]: http://jsonnet.org/ "Jsonnet"
[jsonnet-demo]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/heptio/vscode-jsonnet/master/images/kube-demo.gif

Commit message:

Fixup minor issues leftover from PR #5
Specifically this commit will:

* Change the name of the option from `outputStyle` -> `outputFormat`
* Add documentation for this new option
* Re-generate the `package.json` so that the changes to
  `package.jsonnet` are reflected when we next publish
* Enforce the output format as being either `"json"` or `"yaml"` using
  the type system of TypeScript
* Set `"yaml"` as the default format for the preview output

README.md, after:

# Jsonnet Support for Visual Studio Code

A simple bare-bones extension providing simple syntax highlighting
for [Jsonnet][jsonnet] files (specifically, files with the `.jsonnet`
and `.libsonnet` suffixes), as well as a Markdown-style preview pane
that auto-updates every time you save.

![Jsonnet preview][jsonnet-demo]

## Usage

Syntax highlighting works out of the box. Just open any `.jsonnet` or
`.libsonnet` file, and it will magically work.

To enable the Jsonnet preview pane, it is necessary to install the
Jsonnet command line tool (_e.g._, through `brew install jsonnet`). If
you don't add the `jsonnet` executable to the `PATH` then you will
need to customize `jsonnet.executablePath` in your `settings.json`, so
that the extension knows where to find it.

After this, you can use the keybinding for `jsonnet.previewToSide` (by
default this is `shift+ctrl+i`, or `shift+cmd+i` on macOS), and the
preview pane will open as in the picture above.

## Customization

This extension exposes the following settings, which can be cusomized
in `settings.json`:

* `jsonnet.executablePath`: Tells the extension where to find the
  `jsonnet` executable, if it's not on the `PATH`. (NOTE: This setting
  is always necessary on Windows.)

This extension exposes the following commands, which can be bound to
keys:

* `jsonnet.previewToSide`: Compiles the Jsonnet file to JSON, places
  result in a "preview" window in the pane to the right of the active
  pane, or in the current pane if active window is pane 3 (since
  vscode only allows 3 panes). Default: bound to `shift+ctrl+i` (or
  `shift+cmd+i` on macOS).
* `jsonnet.previewToSide`: Compiles the Jsonnet file to JSON, places
  result in a "preview" window in the current active pane. Default: no
  keybinding.
* `jsonnet.extStrs`: An object of variable, value pairs. Allows you to
  customize the external variables passed to the `jsonnet` command
  line. It can be particularly useful to set this in a workspace
  configuration, so that you can set different variables on a
  per-project basis.
* `jsonnet.outputFormat`: A choice of two string literals: `["json",
  "yaml"]`. This tells the extension what format you'd like the output
  to be (_i.e._, allows you to either output JSON or YAML).

[jsonnet]: http://jsonnet.org/ "Jsonnet"
[jsonnet-demo]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/heptio/vscode-jsonnet/master/images/kube-demo.gif
